vi 0 1 fill_color=colorkm
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorhi
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorne
vi 1 1 fill_color=coloruk
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorjw
vi 1 1 fill_color=colores
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorgl
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorru
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorsw
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorlv
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorzh-cn
vi 1 1 fill_color=coloraz
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorvi
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorlo
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorid
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorxh
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorsr
vi 1 1 fill_color=coloret
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorso
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorml
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorst
vi 1 1 fill_color=colormk
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorlt
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorbe
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorzh-tw
vi 1 1 fill_color=coloruz
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorsn
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorzu
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorsd
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorps
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorur
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorht
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorha
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorbs
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorpa
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorhy
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorsl
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorga
vi 1 1 fill_color=coloryo
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorhaw
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorms
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorbn
vi 1 1 fill_color=coloram
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorka
vi 1 1 fill_color=colortg
vi 1 1 fill_color=colormr
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorgu
vi 1 1 fill_color=colormi
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorkn
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorca
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorig
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorsm
vi 1 1 fill_color=colormn
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorhmn
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorgd
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorny
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorsk
vi 1 1 fill_color=colorkk
vi 1 1 fill_color=colormg
km 0 2 fill_color=colorlo
km 2 3 fill_color=colorsw
km 3 4 fill_color=colorvi
km 4 5 fill_color=colorid
km 5 6 fill_color=colorps
km 6 7 fill_color=colorht
km 7 8 fill_color=colorpa
km 8 9 fill_color=colorms
km 9 10 fill_color=colorbn
km 10 11 fill_color=coloram
km 11 12 fill_color=colormr
km 12 13 fill_color=colorsm
km 13 14 fill_color=colormn
km 14 15 fill_color=colormg
km 15 15 fill_color=colorhi
km 15 15 fill_color=colorne
km 15 15 fill_color=coloruk
km 15 15 fill_color=colorjw
km 15 15 fill_color=colores
km 15 15 fill_color=colorgl
km 15 15 fill_color=colorru
km 15 15 fill_color=colorlv
km 15 15 fill_color=colorzh-cn
km 15 15 fill_color=coloraz
km 15 15 fill_color=colorxh
km 15 15 fill_color=colorsr
km 15 15 fill_color=coloret
km 15 15 fill_color=colorso
km 15 15 fill_color=colorml
km 15 15 fill_color=colorst
km 15 15 fill_color=colormk
km 15 15 fill_color=colorlt
km 15 15 fill_color=colorbe
km 15 15 fill_color=colorzh-tw
km 15 15 fill_color=coloruz
km 15 15 fill_color=colorsn
km 15 15 fill_color=colorzu
km 15 15 fill_color=colorsd
km 15 15 fill_color=colorur
km 15 15 fill_color=colorkm
km 15 15 fill_color=colorha
km 15 15 fill_color=colorbs
km 15 15 fill_color=colorhy
km 15 15 fill_color=colorsl
km 15 15 fill_color=coloryo
km 15 15 fill_color=colorga
km 15 15 fill_color=colorhaw
km 15 15 fill_color=colorka
km 15 15 fill_color=colortg
km 15 15 fill_color=colorgu
km 15 15 fill_color=colormi
km 15 15 fill_color=colorkn
km 15 15 fill_color=colorca
km 15 15 fill_color=colorig
km 15 15 fill_color=colorny
km 15 15 fill_color=colorhmn
km 15 15 fill_color=colorgd
km 15 15 fill_color=colorsk
km 15 15 fill_color=colorkk
lo 0 2 fill_color=colorkm
lo 2 3 fill_color=colorid
lo 3 4 fill_color=colorht
lo 4 5 fill_color=colorpa
lo 5 6 fill_color=colorms
lo 6 7 fill_color=colorbn
lo 7 8 fill_color=colorsm
lo 8 9 fill_color=colormn
lo 9 10 fill_color=colormg
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorhi
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorne
lo 10 10 fill_color=coloruk
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorjw
lo 10 10 fill_color=colores
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorgl
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorru
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorsw
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorlv
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorzh-cn
lo 10 10 fill_color=coloraz
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorlo
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorvi
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorxh
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorsr
lo 10 10 fill_color=coloret
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorso
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorml
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorst
lo 10 10 fill_color=colormk
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorlt
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorbe
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorzh-tw
lo 10 10 fill_color=coloruz
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorsn
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorzu
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorsd
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorps
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorur
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorha
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorbs
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorhy
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorsl
lo 10 10 fill_color=coloryo
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorga
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorhaw
lo 10 10 fill_color=coloram
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorka
lo 10 10 fill_color=colortg
lo 10 10 fill_color=colormr
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorgu
lo 10 10 fill_color=colormi
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorkn
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorca
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorig
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorny
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorhmn
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorgd
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorsk
lo 10 10 fill_color=colorkk
mi 0 1 fill_color=colorsw
mi 1 2 fill_color=colorxh
mi 2 3 fill_color=colorso
mi 3 4 fill_color=colorst
mi 4 5 fill_color=colorha
mi 5 6 fill_color=coloryo
mi 6 7 fill_color=colorhaw
mi 7 8 fill_color=colorig
mi 8 9 fill_color=colorsm
mi 9 10 fill_color=colorny
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorhi
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorne
mi 10 10 fill_color=coloruk
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorjw
mi 10 10 fill_color=colores
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorgl
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorru
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorlv
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorzh-cn
mi 10 10 fill_color=coloraz
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorlo
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorvi
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorid
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorsr
mi 10 10 fill_color=coloret
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorml
mi 10 10 fill_color=colormk
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorlt
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorbe
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorzh-tw
mi 10 10 fill_color=coloruz
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorsn
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorzu
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorsd
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorps
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorur
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorkm
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorht
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorbs
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorpa
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorhy
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorsl
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorga
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorms
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorbn
mi 10 10 fill_color=coloram
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorka
mi 10 10 fill_color=colortg
mi 10 10 fill_color=colormr
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorgu
mi 10 10 fill_color=colormi
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorkn
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorca
mi 10 10 fill_color=colormn
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorhmn
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorgd
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorsk
mi 10 10 fill_color=colorkk
mi 10 10 fill_color=colormg
mg 0 1 fill_color=colorsw
mg 1 2 fill_color=colorlo
mg 2 3 fill_color=colorid
mg 3 4 fill_color=colorso
mg 4 5 fill_color=colorst
mg 5 6 fill_color=colorkm
mg 6 7 fill_color=colorht
mg 7 8 fill_color=colorms
mg 8 9 fill_color=colorsm
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorhi
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorne
mg 9 9 fill_color=coloruk
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorjw
mg 9 9 fill_color=colores
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorgl
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorru
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorlv
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorzh-cn
mg 9 9 fill_color=coloraz
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorvi
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorxh
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorsr
mg 9 9 fill_color=coloret
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorml
mg 9 9 fill_color=colormk
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorlt
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorbe
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorzh-tw
mg 9 9 fill_color=coloruz
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorsn
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorzu
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorsd
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorps
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorur
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorha
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorbs
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorpa
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorhy
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorsl
mg 9 9 fill_color=coloryo
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorga
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorhaw
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorbn
mg 9 9 fill_color=coloram
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorka
mg 9 9 fill_color=colortg
mg 9 9 fill_color=colormr
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorgu
mg 9 9 fill_color=colormi
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorkn
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorca
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorig
mg 9 9 fill_color=colormn
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorny
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorhmn
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorgd
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorsk
mg 9 9 fill_color=colorkk
mg 9 9 fill_color=colormg
ms 0 1 fill_color=colorjw
ms 1 2 fill_color=colorlo
ms 2 3 fill_color=colorid
ms 3 4 fill_color=colorso
ms 4 5 fill_color=colorkm
ms 5 6 fill_color=colormn
ms 6 7 fill_color=colormg
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorhi
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorne
ms 7 7 fill_color=coloruk
ms 7 7 fill_color=colores
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorgl
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorru
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorsw
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorlv
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorzh-cn
ms 7 7 fill_color=coloraz
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorvi
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorxh
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorsr
ms 7 7 fill_color=coloret
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorml
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorst
ms 7 7 fill_color=colormk
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorlt
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorbe
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorzh-tw
ms 7 7 fill_color=coloruz
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorsn
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorzu
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorsd
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorps
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorur
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorht
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorha
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorbs
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorpa
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorhy
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorsl
ms 7 7 fill_color=coloryo
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorga
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorhaw
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorms
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorbn
ms 7 7 fill_color=coloram
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorka
ms 7 7 fill_color=colortg
ms 7 7 fill_color=colormr
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorgu
ms 7 7 fill_color=colormi
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorkn
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorca
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorig
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorsm
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorny
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorhmn
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorgd
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorsk
ms 7 7 fill_color=colorkk
haw 0 1 fill_color=colormi
haw 1 2 fill_color=colorsm
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorhi
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorne
haw 2 2 fill_color=coloruk
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorjw
haw 2 2 fill_color=colores
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorgl
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorru
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorsw
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorlv
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorzh-cn
haw 2 2 fill_color=coloraz
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorlo
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorvi
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorid
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorxh
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorsr
haw 2 2 fill_color=coloret
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorso
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorml
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorst
haw 2 2 fill_color=colormk
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorlt
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorbe
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorzh-tw
haw 2 2 fill_color=coloruz
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorsn
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorzu
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorsd
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorps
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorur
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorkm
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorht
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorha
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorbs
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorpa
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorhy
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorsl
haw 2 2 fill_color=coloryo
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorga
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorhaw
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorms
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorbn
haw 2 2 fill_color=coloram
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorka
haw 2 2 fill_color=colortg
haw 2 2 fill_color=colormr
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorgu
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorkn
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorca
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorig
haw 2 2 fill_color=colormn
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorny
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorhmn
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorgd
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorsk
haw 2 2 fill_color=colorkk
haw 2 2 fill_color=colormg
jw 0 1 fill_color=colorid
jw 1 2 fill_color=colorms
jw 2 3 fill_color=colormn
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorhi
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorne
jw 3 3 fill_color=coloruk
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorjw
jw 3 3 fill_color=colores
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorgl
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorru
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorsw
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorlv
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorzh-cn
jw 3 3 fill_color=coloraz
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorlo
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorvi
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorxh
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorsr
jw 3 3 fill_color=coloret
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorso
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorml
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorst
jw 3 3 fill_color=colormk
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorlt
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorbe
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorzh-tw
jw 3 3 fill_color=coloruz
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorsn
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorzu
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorsd
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorps
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorur
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorkm
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorht
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorha
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorbs
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorpa
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorhy
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorsl
jw 3 3 fill_color=coloryo
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorga
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorhaw
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorbn
jw 3 3 fill_color=coloram
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorka
jw 3 3 fill_color=colortg
jw 3 3 fill_color=colormr
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorgu
jw 3 3 fill_color=colormi
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorkn
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorca
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorig
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorsm
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorny
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorhmn
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorgd
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorsk
jw 3 3 fill_color=colorkk
jw 3 3 fill_color=colormg
sm 0 1 fill_color=colorsw
sm 1 2 fill_color=colorlo
sm 2 3 fill_color=colorxh
sm 3 4 fill_color=colorso
sm 4 5 fill_color=colorst
sm 5 6 fill_color=colorzu
sm 6 7 fill_color=colorkm
sm 7 8 fill_color=colorhaw
sm 8 9 fill_color=colormi
sm 9 10 fill_color=colorig
sm 10 11 fill_color=colormn
sm 11 12 fill_color=colorny
sm 12 13 fill_color=colorhmn
sm 13 14 fill_color=colorgd
sm 14 15 fill_color=colormg
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorhi
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorne
sm 15 15 fill_color=coloruk
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorjw
sm 15 15 fill_color=colores
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorgl
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorru
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorlv
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorzh-cn
sm 15 15 fill_color=coloraz
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorvi
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorid
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorsr
sm 15 15 fill_color=coloret
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorml
sm 15 15 fill_color=colormk
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorlt
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorbe
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorzh-tw
sm 15 15 fill_color=coloruz
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorsn
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorsd
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorps
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorur
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorht
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorha
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorbs
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorpa
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorhy
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorsl
sm 15 15 fill_color=coloryo
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorga
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorms
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorbn
sm 15 15 fill_color=coloram
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorka
sm 15 15 fill_color=colortg
sm 15 15 fill_color=colormr
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorgu
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorkn
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorca
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorsm
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorsk
sm 15 15 fill_color=colorkk
id 0 1 fill_color=colorjw
id 1 2 fill_color=colorlo
id 2 3 fill_color=colorkm
id 3 4 fill_color=colorht
id 4 5 fill_color=colorms
id 5 6 fill_color=colormg
id 6 6 fill_color=colorhi
id 6 6 fill_color=colorne
id 6 6 fill_color=coloruk
id 6 6 fill_color=colores
id 6 6 fill_color=colorgl
id 6 6 fill_color=colorru
id 6 6 fill_color=colorsw
id 6 6 fill_color=colorlv
id 6 6 fill_color=colorzh-cn
id 6 6 fill_color=coloraz
id 6 6 fill_color=colorvi
id 6 6 fill_color=colorid
id 6 6 fill_color=colorxh
id 6 6 fill_color=colorsr
id 6 6 fill_color=coloret
id 6 6 fill_color=colorso
id 6 6 fill_color=colorml
id 6 6 fill_color=colorst
id 6 6 fill_color=colormk
id 6 6 fill_color=colorlt
id 6 6 fill_color=colorbe
id 6 6 fill_color=colorzh-tw
id 6 6 fill_color=coloruz
id 6 6 fill_color=colorsn
id 6 6 fill_color=colorzu
id 6 6 fill_color=colorsd
id 6 6 fill_color=colorps
id 6 6 fill_color=colorur
id 6 6 fill_color=colorha
id 6 6 fill_color=colorbs
id 6 6 fill_color=colorpa
id 6 6 fill_color=colorhy
id 6 6 fill_color=colorsl
id 6 6 fill_color=coloryo
id 6 6 fill_color=colorga
id 6 6 fill_color=colorhaw
id 6 6 fill_color=colorbn
id 6 6 fill_color=coloram
id 6 6 fill_color=colorka
id 6 6 fill_color=colortg
id 6 6 fill_color=colormr
id 6 6 fill_color=colorgu
id 6 6 fill_color=colormi
id 6 6 fill_color=colorkn
id 6 6 fill_color=colorca
id 6 6 fill_color=colorig
id 6 6 fill_color=colorsm
id 6 6 fill_color=colormn
id 6 6 fill_color=colorny
id 6 6 fill_color=colorhmn
id 6 6 fill_color=colorgd
id 6 6 fill_color=colorsk
id 6 6 fill_color=colorkk
ga 0 1 fill_color=colorgd
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorhi
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorne
ga 1 1 fill_color=coloruk
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorjw
ga 1 1 fill_color=colores
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorgl
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorru
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorsw
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorlv
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorzh-cn
ga 1 1 fill_color=coloraz
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorlo
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorvi
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorid
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorxh
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorsr
ga 1 1 fill_color=coloret
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorso
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorml
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorst
ga 1 1 fill_color=colormk
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorlt
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorbe
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorzh-tw
ga 1 1 fill_color=coloruz
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorsn
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorzu
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorsd
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorps
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorur
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorkm
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorht
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorha
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorbs
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorpa
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorga
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorhy
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorsl
ga 1 1 fill_color=coloryo
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorhaw
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorms
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorbn
ga 1 1 fill_color=coloram
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorka
ga 1 1 fill_color=colortg
ga 1 1 fill_color=colormr
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorgu
ga 1 1 fill_color=colormi
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorkn
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorca
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorig
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorsm
ga 1 1 fill_color=colormn
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorny
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorhmn
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorsk
ga 1 1 fill_color=colorkk
ga 1 1 fill_color=colormg
gd 0 1 fill_color=colorxh
gd 1 2 fill_color=colorga
gd 2 3 fill_color=colorsm
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorhi
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorne
gd 3 3 fill_color=coloruk
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorjw
gd 3 3 fill_color=colores
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorgl
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorru
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorsw
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorlv
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorzh-cn
gd 3 3 fill_color=coloraz
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorlo
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorvi
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorid
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorsr
gd 3 3 fill_color=coloret
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorso
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorml
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorst
gd 3 3 fill_color=colormk
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorlt
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorbe
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorzh-tw
gd 3 3 fill_color=coloruz
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorsn
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorzu
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorsd
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorps
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorur
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorkm
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorht
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorha
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorbs
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorpa
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorhy
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorsl
gd 3 3 fill_color=coloryo
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorhaw
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorms
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorbn
gd 3 3 fill_color=coloram
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorka
gd 3 3 fill_color=colortg
gd 3 3 fill_color=colormr
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorgu
gd 3 3 fill_color=colormi
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorkn
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorca
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorig
gd 3 3 fill_color=colormn
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorgd
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorny
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorhmn
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorsk
gd 3 3 fill_color=colorkk
gd 3 3 fill_color=colormg
mn 0 1 fill_color=colorjw
mn 1 2 fill_color=colorsw
mn 2 3 fill_color=colorlo
mn 3 4 fill_color=colorso
mn 4 5 fill_color=coloruz
mn 5 6 fill_color=colorkm
mn 6 7 fill_color=colorms
mn 7 8 fill_color=coloram
mn 8 9 fill_color=colortg
mn 9 10 fill_color=colorsm
mn 10 11 fill_color=colorkk
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorhi
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorne
mn 11 11 fill_color=coloruk
mn 11 11 fill_color=colores
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorgl
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorru
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorlv
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorzh-cn
mn 11 11 fill_color=coloraz
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorvi
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorid
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorxh
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorsr
mn 11 11 fill_color=coloret
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorml
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorst
mn 11 11 fill_color=colormk
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorlt
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorbe
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorzh-tw
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorsn
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorzu
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorsd
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorps
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorur
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorht
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorha
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorbs
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorpa
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorhy
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorsl
mn 11 11 fill_color=coloryo
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorga
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorhaw
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorbn
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorka
mn 11 11 fill_color=colormr
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorgu
mn 11 11 fill_color=colormi
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorkn
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorca
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorig
mn 11 11 fill_color=colormn
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorny
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorhmn
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorgd
mn 11 11 fill_color=colorsk
mn 11 11 fill_color=colormg
hmn 0 1 fill_color=colorso
hmn 1 2 fill_color=colorsm
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorhi
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorne
hmn 2 2 fill_color=coloruk
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorjw
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colores
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorgl
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorru
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorsw
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorlv
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorzh-cn
hmn 2 2 fill_color=coloraz
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorlo
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorvi
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorid
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorxh
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorsr
hmn 2 2 fill_color=coloret
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorml
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorst
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colormk
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorlt
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorbe
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorzh-tw
hmn 2 2 fill_color=coloruz
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorsn
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorzu
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorsd
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorps
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorur
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorkm
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorht
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorha
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorbs
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorpa
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorhy
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorsl
hmn 2 2 fill_color=coloryo
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorga
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorhaw
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorms
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorbn
hmn 2 2 fill_color=coloram
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorka
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colortg
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colormr
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorgu
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colormi
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorkn
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorca
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorig
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colormn
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorny
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorhmn
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorgd
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorsk
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colorkk
hmn 2 2 fill_color=colormg
zh-CN 0 5 fill_color=colorzh-tw
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorhi
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorne
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=coloruk
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorjw
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colores
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorgl
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorru
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorsw
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorlv
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorzh-cn
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=coloraz
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorlo
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorvi
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorid
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorxh
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorsr
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=coloret
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorso
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorml
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorst
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colormk
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorlt
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorbe
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=coloruz
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorsn
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorzu
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorsd
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorps
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorur
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorkm
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorht
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorha
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorbs
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorpa
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorhy
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorsl
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=coloryo
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorga
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorhaw
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorms
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorbn
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=coloram
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorka
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colortg
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colormr
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorgu
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colormi
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorkn
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorca
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorig
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorsm
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colormn
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorny
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorgd
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorhmn
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorsk
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colorkk
zh-CN 5 5 fill_color=colormg
zh-TW 0 5 fill_color=colorzh-cn
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorhi
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorne
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=coloruk
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorjw
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colores
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorgl
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorru
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorsw
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorlv
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=coloraz
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorlo
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorvi
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorid
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorxh
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorsr
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=coloret
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorso
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorml
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorst
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colormk
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorlt
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorbe
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorzh-tw
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=coloruz
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorsn
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorzu
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorsd
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorps
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorur
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorkm
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorht
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorha
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorbs
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorpa
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorhy
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorsl
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=coloryo
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorga
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorhaw
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorms
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorbn
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=coloram
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorka
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colortg
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colormr
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorgu
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colormi
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorkn
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorca
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorig
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorsm
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colormn
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorny
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorgd
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorhmn
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorsk
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colorkk
zh-TW 5 5 fill_color=colormg
so 0 1 fill_color=colorsw
so 1 2 fill_color=colorxh
so 2 3 fill_color=coloruz
so 3 4 fill_color=colorzu
so 4 5 fill_color=colorha
so 5 6 fill_color=colorms
so 6 7 fill_color=colortg
so 7 8 fill_color=colormi
so 8 9 fill_color=colorsm
so 9 10 fill_color=colormn
so 10 11 fill_color=colorhmn
so 11 12 fill_color=colormg
so 12 12 fill_color=colorhi
so 12 12 fill_color=colorne
so 12 12 fill_color=coloruk
so 12 12 fill_color=colorjw
so 12 12 fill_color=colores
so 12 12 fill_color=colorgl
so 12 12 fill_color=colorru
so 12 12 fill_color=colorlv
so 12 12 fill_color=colorzh-cn
so 12 12 fill_color=coloraz
so 12 12 fill_color=colorlo
so 12 12 fill_color=colorvi
so 12 12 fill_color=colorid
so 12 12 fill_color=colorsr
so 12 12 fill_color=coloret
so 12 12 fill_color=colorso
so 12 12 fill_color=colorml
so 12 12 fill_color=colorst
so 12 12 fill_color=colormk
so 12 12 fill_color=colorlt
so 12 12 fill_color=colorbe
so 12 12 fill_color=colorzh-tw
so 12 12 fill_color=colorsn
so 12 12 fill_color=colorsd
so 12 12 fill_color=colorps
so 12 12 fill_color=colorur
so 12 12 fill_color=colorkm
so 12 12 fill_color=colorht
so 12 12 fill_color=colorbs
so 12 12 fill_color=colorpa
so 12 12 fill_color=colorhy
so 12 12 fill_color=colorsl
so 12 12 fill_color=coloryo
so 12 12 fill_color=colorga
so 12 12 fill_color=colorhaw
so 12 12 fill_color=colorbn
so 12 12 fill_color=coloram
so 12 12 fill_color=colorka
so 12 12 fill_color=colormr
so 12 12 fill_color=colorgu
so 12 12 fill_color=colorkn
so 12 12 fill_color=colorca
so 12 12 fill_color=colorig
so 12 12 fill_color=colorny
so 12 12 fill_color=colorgd
so 12 12 fill_color=colorsk
so 12 12 fill_color=colorkk
am 0 1 fill_color=colorst
am 1 2 fill_color=colorkm
am 2 3 fill_color=colormn
am 3 3 fill_color=colorhi
am 3 3 fill_color=colorne
am 3 3 fill_color=coloruk
am 3 3 fill_color=colorjw
am 3 3 fill_color=colores
am 3 3 fill_color=colorgl
am 3 3 fill_color=colorru
am 3 3 fill_color=colorsw
am 3 3 fill_color=colorlv
am 3 3 fill_color=colorzh-cn
am 3 3 fill_color=coloraz
am 3 3 fill_color=colorlo
am 3 3 fill_color=colorvi
am 3 3 fill_color=colorid
am 3 3 fill_color=colorxh
am 3 3 fill_color=colorsr
am 3 3 fill_color=coloret
am 3 3 fill_color=colorso
am 3 3 fill_color=colorml
am 3 3 fill_color=colormk
am 3 3 fill_color=colorlt
am 3 3 fill_color=colorbe
am 3 3 fill_color=colorzh-tw
am 3 3 fill_color=coloruz
am 3 3 fill_color=colorsn
am 3 3 fill_color=colorzu
am 3 3 fill_color=colorsd
am 3 3 fill_color=colorps
am 3 3 fill_color=colorur
am 3 3 fill_color=colorht
am 3 3 fill_color=colorha
am 3 3 fill_color=colorbs
am 3 3 fill_color=colorpa
am 3 3 fill_color=colorhy
am 3 3 fill_color=colorsl
am 3 3 fill_color=coloryo
am 3 3 fill_color=colorga
am 3 3 fill_color=colorhaw
am 3 3 fill_color=colorms
am 3 3 fill_color=colorbn
am 3 3 fill_color=coloram
am 3 3 fill_color=colorka
am 3 3 fill_color=colortg
am 3 3 fill_color=colormr
am 3 3 fill_color=colorgu
am 3 3 fill_color=colormi
am 3 3 fill_color=colorkn
am 3 3 fill_color=colorca
am 3 3 fill_color=colorig
am 3 3 fill_color=colorsm
am 3 3 fill_color=colorny
am 3 3 fill_color=colorgd
am 3 3 fill_color=colorhmn
am 3 3 fill_color=colorsk
am 3 3 fill_color=colorkk
am 3 3 fill_color=colormg
ha 0 1 fill_color=colorso
ha 1 2 fill_color=colorst
ha 2 3 fill_color=colormi
ha 3 4 fill_color=colorig
ha 4 5 fill_color=colorny
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorhi
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorne
ha 5 5 fill_color=coloruk
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorjw
ha 5 5 fill_color=colores
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorgl
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorru
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorsw
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorlv
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorzh-cn
ha 5 5 fill_color=coloraz
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorlo
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorvi
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorid
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorxh
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorsr
ha 5 5 fill_color=coloret
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorml
ha 5 5 fill_color=colormk
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorlt
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorbe
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorzh-tw
ha 5 5 fill_color=coloruz
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorsn
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorzu
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorsd
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorps
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorur
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorkm
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorht
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorha
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorbs
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorpa
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorhy
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorsl
ha 5 5 fill_color=coloryo
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorga
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorhaw
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorms
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorbn
ha 5 5 fill_color=coloram
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorka
ha 5 5 fill_color=colortg
ha 5 5 fill_color=colormr
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorgu
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorkn
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorca
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorsm
ha 5 5 fill_color=colormn
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorgd
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorhmn
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorsk
ha 5 5 fill_color=colorkk
ha 5 5 fill_color=colormg
st 0 1 fill_color=colorsw
st 1 2 fill_color=colorxh
st 2 3 fill_color=colorsn
st 3 4 fill_color=colorzu
st 4 5 fill_color=colorha
st 5 6 fill_color=coloram
st 6 7 fill_color=colormi
st 7 8 fill_color=colorig
st 8 9 fill_color=colorsm
st 9 10 fill_color=colorny
st 10 11 fill_color=colormg
st 11 11 fill_color=colorhi
st 11 11 fill_color=colorne
st 11 11 fill_color=coloruk
st 11 11 fill_color=colorjw
st 11 11 fill_color=colores
st 11 11 fill_color=colorgl
st 11 11 fill_color=colorru
st 11 11 fill_color=colorlv
st 11 11 fill_color=colorzh-cn
st 11 11 fill_color=coloraz
st 11 11 fill_color=colorlo
st 11 11 fill_color=colorvi
st 11 11 fill_color=colorid
st 11 11 fill_color=colorsr
st 11 11 fill_color=coloret
st 11 11 fill_color=colorso
st 11 11 fill_color=colorml
st 11 11 fill_color=colorst
st 11 11 fill_color=colormk
st 11 11 fill_color=colorlt
st 11 11 fill_color=colorbe
st 11 11 fill_color=colorzh-tw
st 11 11 fill_color=coloruz
st 11 11 fill_color=colorsd
st 11 11 fill_color=colorps
st 11 11 fill_color=colorur
st 11 11 fill_color=colorkm
st 11 11 fill_color=colorht
st 11 11 fill_color=colorbs
st 11 11 fill_color=colorpa
st 11 11 fill_color=colorhy
st 11 11 fill_color=colorsl
st 11 11 fill_color=coloryo
st 11 11 fill_color=colorga
st 11 11 fill_color=colorhaw
st 11 11 fill_color=colorms
st 11 11 fill_color=colorbn
st 11 11 fill_color=colorka
st 11 11 fill_color=colortg
st 11 11 fill_color=colormr
st 11 11 fill_color=colorgu
st 11 11 fill_color=colorkn
st 11 11 fill_color=colorca
st 11 11 fill_color=colormn
st 11 11 fill_color=colorgd
st 11 11 fill_color=colorhmn
st 11 11 fill_color=colorsk
st 11 11 fill_color=colorkk
ig 0 1 fill_color=colorst
ig 1 2 fill_color=colorha
ig 2 3 fill_color=coloryo
ig 3 4 fill_color=colormi
ig 4 5 fill_color=colorsm
ig 5 6 fill_color=colorny
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorhi
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorne
ig 6 6 fill_color=coloruk
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorjw
ig 6 6 fill_color=colores
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorgl
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorru
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorsw
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorlv
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorzh-cn
ig 6 6 fill_color=coloraz
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorlo
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorvi
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorid
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorxh
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorsr
ig 6 6 fill_color=coloret
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorso
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorml
ig 6 6 fill_color=colormk
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorlt
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorbe
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorzh-tw
ig 6 6 fill_color=coloruz
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorsn
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorzu
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorsd
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorps
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorur
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorkm
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorht
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorbs
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorpa
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorhy
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorsl
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorga
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorhaw
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorms
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorbn
ig 6 6 fill_color=coloram
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorka
ig 6 6 fill_color=colortg
ig 6 6 fill_color=colormr
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorgu
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorkn
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorca
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorig
ig 6 6 fill_color=colormn
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorgd
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorhmn
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorsk
ig 6 6 fill_color=colorkk
ig 6 6 fill_color=colormg
ny 0 2 fill_color=colorsn
ny 2 3 fill_color=colorsw
ny 3 4 fill_color=colorxh
ny 4 5 fill_color=colorst
ny 5 6 fill_color=colorzu
ny 6 7 fill_color=colorha
ny 7 8 fill_color=colormi
ny 8 9 fill_color=colorig
ny 9 10 fill_color=colorsm
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorhi
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorne
ny 10 10 fill_color=coloruk
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorjw
ny 10 10 fill_color=colores
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorgl
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorru
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorlv
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorzh-cn
ny 10 10 fill_color=coloraz
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorlo
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorvi
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorid
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorsr
ny 10 10 fill_color=coloret
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorso
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorml
ny 10 10 fill_color=colormk
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorlt
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorbe
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorzh-tw
ny 10 10 fill_color=coloruz
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorsd
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorps
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorur
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorkm
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorht
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorbs
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorpa
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorhy
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorsl
ny 10 10 fill_color=coloryo
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorga
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorhaw
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorms
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorbn
ny 10 10 fill_color=coloram
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorka
ny 10 10 fill_color=colortg
ny 10 10 fill_color=colormr
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorgu
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorkn
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorca
ny 10 10 fill_color=colormn
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorny
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorgd
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorhmn
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorsk
ny 10 10 fill_color=colorkk
ny 10 10 fill_color=colormg
sw 0 1 fill_color=colorxh
sw 1 2 fill_color=colorso
sw 2 3 fill_color=colorst
sw 3 4 fill_color=colorsn
sw 4 5 fill_color=colorzu
sw 5 6 fill_color=colorkm
sw 6 7 fill_color=colortg
sw 7 8 fill_color=colormi
sw 8 9 fill_color=colorsm
sw 9 10 fill_color=colormn
sw 10 11 fill_color=colorny
sw 11 12 fill_color=colormg
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorhi
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorne
sw 12 12 fill_color=coloruk
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorjw
sw 12 12 fill_color=colores
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorgl
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorru
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorsw
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorlv
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorzh-cn
sw 12 12 fill_color=coloraz
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorlo
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorvi
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorid
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorsr
sw 12 12 fill_color=coloret
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorml
sw 12 12 fill_color=colormk
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorlt
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorbe
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorzh-tw
sw 12 12 fill_color=coloruz
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorsd
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorps
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorur
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorht
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorha
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorbs
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorpa
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorhy
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorsl
sw 12 12 fill_color=coloryo
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorga
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorhaw
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorms
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorbn
sw 12 12 fill_color=coloram
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorka
sw 12 12 fill_color=colormr
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorgu
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorkn
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorca
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorig
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorgd
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorhmn
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorsk
sw 12 12 fill_color=colorkk
xh 0 2 fill_color=colorzu
xh 2 3 fill_color=colorsw
xh 3 4 fill_color=colorso
xh 4 5 fill_color=colorst
xh 5 6 fill_color=colorsn
xh 6 7 fill_color=colorps
xh 7 8 fill_color=colortg
xh 8 9 fill_color=colormi
xh 9 10 fill_color=colorsm
xh 10 11 fill_color=colorgd
xh 11 12 fill_color=colorny
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorhi
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorne
xh 12 12 fill_color=coloruk
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorjw
xh 12 12 fill_color=colores
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorgl
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorru
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorlv
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorzh-cn
xh 12 12 fill_color=coloraz
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorlo
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorvi
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorid
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorxh
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorsr
xh 12 12 fill_color=coloret
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorml
xh 12 12 fill_color=colormk
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorlt
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorbe
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorzh-tw
xh 12 12 fill_color=coloruz
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorsd
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorur
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorkm
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorht
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorha
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorbs
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorpa
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorhy
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorsl
xh 12 12 fill_color=coloryo
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorga
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorhaw
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorms
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorbn
xh 12 12 fill_color=coloram
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorka
xh 12 12 fill_color=colormr
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorgu
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorkn
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorca
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorig
xh 12 12 fill_color=colormn
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorhmn
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorsk
xh 12 12 fill_color=colorkk
xh 12 12 fill_color=colormg
yo 0 1 fill_color=colormi
yo 1 2 fill_color=colorig
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorhi
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorne
yo 2 2 fill_color=coloruk
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorjw
yo 2 2 fill_color=colores
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorgl
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorru
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorsw
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorlv
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorzh-cn
yo 2 2 fill_color=coloraz
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorlo
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorvi
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorid
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorxh
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorsr
yo 2 2 fill_color=coloret
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorso
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorml
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorst
yo 2 2 fill_color=colormk
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorlt
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorbe
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorzh-tw
yo 2 2 fill_color=coloruz
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorsn
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorzu
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorsd
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorps
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorur
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorkm
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorht
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorha
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorbs
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorpa
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorhy
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorsl
yo 2 2 fill_color=coloryo
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorga
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorhaw
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorms
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorbn
yo 2 2 fill_color=coloram
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorka
yo 2 2 fill_color=colortg
yo 2 2 fill_color=colormr
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorgu
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorkn
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorca
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorsm
yo 2 2 fill_color=colormn
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorgd
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorny
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorhmn
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorsk
yo 2 2 fill_color=colorkk
yo 2 2 fill_color=colormg
zu 0 2 fill_color=colorxh
zu 2 3 fill_color=colorsw
zu 3 4 fill_color=colorso
zu 4 5 fill_color=colorst
zu 5 6 fill_color=colorsn
zu 6 7 fill_color=colorsm
zu 7 8 fill_color=colorny
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorhi
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorne
zu 8 8 fill_color=coloruk
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorjw
zu 8 8 fill_color=colores
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorgl
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorru
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorlv
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorzh-cn
zu 8 8 fill_color=coloraz
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorlo
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorvi
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorid
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorsr
zu 8 8 fill_color=coloret
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorml
zu 8 8 fill_color=colormk
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorlt
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorbe
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorzh-tw
zu 8 8 fill_color=coloruz
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorzu
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorsd
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorps
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorur
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorkm
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorht
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorha
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorbs
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorpa
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorhy
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorsl
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorga
zu 8 8 fill_color=coloryo
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorhaw
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorms
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorbn
zu 8 8 fill_color=coloram
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorka
zu 8 8 fill_color=colortg
zu 8 8 fill_color=colormr
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorgu
zu 8 8 fill_color=colormi
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorkn
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorca
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorig
zu 8 8 fill_color=colormn
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorgd
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorhmn
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorsk
zu 8 8 fill_color=colorkk
zu 8 8 fill_color=colormg
sn 0 2 fill_color=colorny
sn 2 3 fill_color=colorsw
sn 3 4 fill_color=colorxh
sn 4 5 fill_color=colorst
sn 5 6 fill_color=colorzu
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorhi
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorne
sn 6 6 fill_color=coloruk
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorjw
sn 6 6 fill_color=colores
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorgl
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorru
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorlv
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorzh-cn
sn 6 6 fill_color=coloraz
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorlo
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorvi
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorid
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorsr
sn 6 6 fill_color=coloret
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorso
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorml
sn 6 6 fill_color=colormk
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorlt
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorbe
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorzh-tw
sn 6 6 fill_color=coloruz
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorsn
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorsd
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorps
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorur
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorkm
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorht
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorha
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorbs
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorpa
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorhy
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorsl
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorga
sn 6 6 fill_color=coloryo
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorhaw
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorms
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorbn
sn 6 6 fill_color=coloram
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorka
sn 6 6 fill_color=colortg
sn 6 6 fill_color=colormr
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorgu
sn 6 6 fill_color=colormi
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorkn
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorca
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorig
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorsm
sn 6 6 fill_color=colormn
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorgd
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorhmn
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorsk
sn 6 6 fill_color=colorkk
sn 6 6 fill_color=colormg
bs 0 1 fill_color=colorsr
bs 1 2 fill_color=colormk
bs 2 3 fill_color=colorsl
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorhi
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorne
bs 3 3 fill_color=coloruk
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorjw
bs 3 3 fill_color=colores
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorgl
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorru
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorsw
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorlv
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorzh-cn
bs 3 3 fill_color=coloraz
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorlo
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorvi
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorid
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorxh
bs 3 3 fill_color=coloret
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorso
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorml
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorst
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorlt
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorbe
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorzh-tw
bs 3 3 fill_color=coloruz
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorsn
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorzu
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorsd
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorps
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorur
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorkm
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorht
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorha
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorbs
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorpa
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorhy
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorga
bs 3 3 fill_color=coloryo
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorhaw
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorms
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorbn
bs 3 3 fill_color=coloram
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorka
bs 3 3 fill_color=colortg
bs 3 3 fill_color=colormr
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorgu
bs 3 3 fill_color=colormi
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorkn
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorca
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorig
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorsm
bs 3 3 fill_color=colormn
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorgd
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorny
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorhmn
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorsk
bs 3 3 fill_color=colorkk
bs 3 3 fill_color=colormg
be 0 1 fill_color=coloruk
be 1 2 fill_color=colorru
be 2 2 fill_color=colorhi
be 2 2 fill_color=colorne
be 2 2 fill_color=colorjw
be 2 2 fill_color=colores
be 2 2 fill_color=colorgl
be 2 2 fill_color=colorsw
be 2 2 fill_color=colorlv
be 2 2 fill_color=colorzh-cn
be 2 2 fill_color=coloraz
be 2 2 fill_color=colorlo
be 2 2 fill_color=colorvi
be 2 2 fill_color=colorid
be 2 2 fill_color=colorxh
be 2 2 fill_color=colorsr
be 2 2 fill_color=coloret
be 2 2 fill_color=colorso
be 2 2 fill_color=colorml
be 2 2 fill_color=colorst
be 2 2 fill_color=colormk
be 2 2 fill_color=colorlt
be 2 2 fill_color=colorbe
be 2 2 fill_color=colorzh-tw
be 2 2 fill_color=coloruz
be 2 2 fill_color=colorsn
be 2 2 fill_color=colorzu
be 2 2 fill_color=colorsd
be 2 2 fill_color=colorps
be 2 2 fill_color=colorur
be 2 2 fill_color=colorkm
be 2 2 fill_color=colorht
be 2 2 fill_color=colorha
be 2 2 fill_color=colorbs
be 2 2 fill_color=colorpa
be 2 2 fill_color=colorhy
be 2 2 fill_color=colorsl
be 2 2 fill_color=colorga
be 2 2 fill_color=coloryo
be 2 2 fill_color=colorhaw
be 2 2 fill_color=colorms
be 2 2 fill_color=colorbn
be 2 2 fill_color=coloram
be 2 2 fill_color=colorka
be 2 2 fill_color=colortg
be 2 2 fill_color=colormr
be 2 2 fill_color=colorgu
be 2 2 fill_color=colormi
be 2 2 fill_color=colorkn
be 2 2 fill_color=colorca
be 2 2 fill_color=colorig
be 2 2 fill_color=colorsm
be 2 2 fill_color=colormn
be 2 2 fill_color=colorgd
be 2 2 fill_color=colorny
be 2 2 fill_color=colorhmn
be 2 2 fill_color=colorsk
be 2 2 fill_color=colorkk
be 2 2 fill_color=colormg
sk 0 1 fill_color=colorsr
sk 1 2 fill_color=colorlt
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorhi
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorne
sk 2 2 fill_color=coloruk
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorjw
sk 2 2 fill_color=colores
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorgl
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorru
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorsw
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorlv
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorzh-cn
sk 2 2 fill_color=coloraz
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorlo
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorvi
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorid
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorxh
sk 2 2 fill_color=coloret
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorso
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorml
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorst
sk 2 2 fill_color=colormk
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorbe
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorzh-tw
sk 2 2 fill_color=coloruz
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorsn
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorzu
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorsd
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorps
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorur
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorkm
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorht
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorha
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorbs
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorpa
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorhy
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorsl
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorga
sk 2 2 fill_color=coloryo
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorhaw
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorms
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorbn
sk 2 2 fill_color=coloram
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorka
sk 2 2 fill_color=colortg
sk 2 2 fill_color=colormr
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorgu
sk 2 2 fill_color=colormi
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorkn
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorca
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorig
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorsm
sk 2 2 fill_color=colormn
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorgd
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorny
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorhmn
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorsk
sk 2 2 fill_color=colorkk
sk 2 2 fill_color=colormg
sr 0 1 fill_color=colorlv
sr 1 2 fill_color=coloret
sr 2 3 fill_color=colorlt
sr 3 4 fill_color=colorbs
sr 4 5 fill_color=colorsk
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorhi
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorne
sr 5 5 fill_color=coloruk
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorjw
sr 5 5 fill_color=colores
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorgl
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorru
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorsw
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorzh-cn
sr 5 5 fill_color=coloraz
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorlo
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorvi
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorid
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorxh
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorsr
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorso
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorml
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorst
sr 5 5 fill_color=colormk
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorbe
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorzh-tw
sr 5 5 fill_color=coloruz
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorsn
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorzu
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorsd
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorps
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorur
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorkm
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorht
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorha
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorpa
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorhy
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorsl
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorga
sr 5 5 fill_color=coloryo
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorhaw
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorms
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorbn
sr 5 5 fill_color=coloram
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorka
sr 5 5 fill_color=colortg
sr 5 5 fill_color=colormr
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorgu
sr 5 5 fill_color=colormi
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorkn
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorca
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorig
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorsm
sr 5 5 fill_color=colormn
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorgd
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorny
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorhmn
sr 5 5 fill_color=colorkk
sr 5 5 fill_color=colormg
mk 0 1 fill_color=colorbs
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorhi
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorne
mk 1 1 fill_color=coloruk
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorjw
mk 1 1 fill_color=colores
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorgl
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorru
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorsw
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorlv
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorzh-cn
mk 1 1 fill_color=coloraz
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorlo
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorvi
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorid
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorxh
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorsr
mk 1 1 fill_color=coloret
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorso
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorml
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorst
mk 1 1 fill_color=colormk
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorlt
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorbe
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorzh-tw
mk 1 1 fill_color=coloruz
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorsn
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorzu
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorsd
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorps
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorur
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorkm
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorht
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorha
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorpa
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorhy
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorsl
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorga
mk 1 1 fill_color=coloryo
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorhaw
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorms
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorbn
mk 1 1 fill_color=coloram
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorka
mk 1 1 fill_color=colortg
mk 1 1 fill_color=colormr
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorgu
mk 1 1 fill_color=colormi
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorkn
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorca
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorig
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorsm
mk 1 1 fill_color=colormn
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorgd
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorny
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorhmn
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorsk
mk 1 1 fill_color=colorkk
mk 1 1 fill_color=colormg
uk 0 1 fill_color=colorbe
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorhi
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorne
uk 1 1 fill_color=coloruk
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorjw
uk 1 1 fill_color=colores
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorgl
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorru
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorsw
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorlv
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorzh-cn
uk 1 1 fill_color=coloraz
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorlo
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorvi
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorid
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorxh
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorsr
uk 1 1 fill_color=coloret
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorso
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorml
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorst
uk 1 1 fill_color=colormk
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorlt
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorzh-tw
uk 1 1 fill_color=coloruz
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorsn
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorzu
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorsd
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorps
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorur
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorkm
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorht
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorha
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorbs
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorpa
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorhy
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorsl
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorga
uk 1 1 fill_color=coloryo
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorhaw
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorms
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorbn
uk 1 1 fill_color=coloram
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorka
uk 1 1 fill_color=colortg
uk 1 1 fill_color=colormr
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorgu
uk 1 1 fill_color=colormi
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorkn
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorca
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorig
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorsm
uk 1 1 fill_color=colormn
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorgd
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorny
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorhmn
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorsk
uk 1 1 fill_color=colorkk
uk 1 1 fill_color=colormg
ru 0 1 fill_color=colorbe
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorhi
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorne
ru 1 1 fill_color=coloruk
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorjw
ru 1 1 fill_color=colores
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorgl
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorru
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorsw
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorlv
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorzh-cn
ru 1 1 fill_color=coloraz
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorlo
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorvi
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorid
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorxh
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorsr
ru 1 1 fill_color=coloret
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorso
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorml
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorst
ru 1 1 fill_color=colormk
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorlt
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorzh-tw
ru 1 1 fill_color=coloruz
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorsn
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorzu
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorsd
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorps
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorur
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorkm
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorht
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorha
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorbs
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorpa
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorhy
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorsl
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorga
ru 1 1 fill_color=coloryo
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorhaw
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorms
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorbn
ru 1 1 fill_color=coloram
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorka
ru 1 1 fill_color=colortg
ru 1 1 fill_color=colormr
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorgu
ru 1 1 fill_color=colormi
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorkn
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorca
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorig
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorsm
ru 1 1 fill_color=colormn
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorgd
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorny
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorhmn
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorsk
ru 1 1 fill_color=colorkk
ru 1 1 fill_color=colormg
sl 0 1 fill_color=colorbs
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorhi
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorne
sl 1 1 fill_color=coloruk
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorjw
sl 1 1 fill_color=colores
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorgl
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorru
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorsw
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorlv
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorzh-cn
sl 1 1 fill_color=coloraz
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorlo
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorvi
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorid
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorxh
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorsr
sl 1 1 fill_color=coloret
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorso
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorml
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorst
sl 1 1 fill_color=colormk
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorlt
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorbe
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorzh-tw
sl 1 1 fill_color=coloruz
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorsn
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorzu
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorsd
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorps
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorur
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorkm
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorht
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorha
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorpa
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorhy
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorsl
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorga
sl 1 1 fill_color=coloryo
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorhaw
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorms
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorbn
sl 1 1 fill_color=coloram
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorka
sl 1 1 fill_color=colortg
sl 1 1 fill_color=colormr
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorgu
sl 1 1 fill_color=colormi
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorkn
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorca
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorig
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorsm
sl 1 1 fill_color=colormn
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorgd
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorny
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorhmn
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorsk
sl 1 1 fill_color=colorkk
sl 1 1 fill_color=colormg
lt 0 2 fill_color=colorlv
lt 2 4 fill_color=coloret
lt 4 5 fill_color=colorne
lt 5 6 fill_color=colorsr
lt 6 7 fill_color=colorml
lt 7 8 fill_color=coloruz
lt 8 9 fill_color=colorhy
lt 9 10 fill_color=colorka
lt 10 11 fill_color=colorsk
lt 11 12 fill_color=colorkk
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorhi
lt 12 12 fill_color=coloruk
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorjw
lt 12 12 fill_color=colores
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorgl
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorru
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorsw
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorzh-cn
lt 12 12 fill_color=coloraz
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorlo
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorvi
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorid
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorxh
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorso
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorst
lt 12 12 fill_color=colormk
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorlt
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorbe
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorzh-tw
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorsn
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorzu
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorsd
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorps
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorur
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorkm
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorht
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorha
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorbs
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorpa
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorga
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorsl
lt 12 12 fill_color=coloryo
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorhaw
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorms
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorbn
lt 12 12 fill_color=coloram
lt 12 12 fill_color=colortg
lt 12 12 fill_color=colormr
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorgu
lt 12 12 fill_color=colormi
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorkn
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorca
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorig
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorsm
lt 12 12 fill_color=colormn
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorgd
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorny
lt 12 12 fill_color=colorhmn
lt 12 12 fill_color=colormg
lv 0 2 fill_color=coloret
lv 2 4 fill_color=colorlt
lv 4 5 fill_color=colorsr
lv 5 6 fill_color=coloruz
lv 6 7 fill_color=colorka
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorhi
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorne
lv 7 7 fill_color=coloruk
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorjw
lv 7 7 fill_color=colores
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorgl
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorru
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorsw
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorlv
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorzh-cn
lv 7 7 fill_color=coloraz
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorlo
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorvi
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorid
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorxh
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorso
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorml
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorst
lv 7 7 fill_color=colormk
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorbe
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorzh-tw
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorsn
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorzu
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorsd
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorps
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorur
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorkm
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorht
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorha
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorbs
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorpa
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorhy
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorga
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorsl
lv 7 7 fill_color=coloryo
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorhaw
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorms
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorbn
lv 7 7 fill_color=coloram
lv 7 7 fill_color=colortg
lv 7 7 fill_color=colormr
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorgu
lv 7 7 fill_color=colormi
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorkn
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorca
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorig
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorsm
lv 7 7 fill_color=colormn
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorgd
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorny
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorhmn
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorsk
lv 7 7 fill_color=colorkk
lv 7 7 fill_color=colormg
et 0 2 fill_color=colorlv
et 2 4 fill_color=colorlt
et 4 5 fill_color=colorsr
et 5 6 fill_color=colorka
et 6 6 fill_color=colorhi
et 6 6 fill_color=colorne
et 6 6 fill_color=coloruk
et 6 6 fill_color=colorjw
et 6 6 fill_color=colores
et 6 6 fill_color=colorgl
et 6 6 fill_color=colorru
et 6 6 fill_color=colorsw
et 6 6 fill_color=colorzh-cn
et 6 6 fill_color=coloraz
et 6 6 fill_color=colorlo
et 6 6 fill_color=colorvi
et 6 6 fill_color=colorid
et 6 6 fill_color=colorxh
et 6 6 fill_color=coloret
et 6 6 fill_color=colorso
et 6 6 fill_color=colorml
et 6 6 fill_color=colorst
et 6 6 fill_color=colormk
et 6 6 fill_color=colorbe
et 6 6 fill_color=colorzh-tw
et 6 6 fill_color=coloruz
et 6 6 fill_color=colorsn
et 6 6 fill_color=colorzu
et 6 6 fill_color=colorsd
et 6 6 fill_color=colorps
et 6 6 fill_color=colorur
et 6 6 fill_color=colorkm
et 6 6 fill_color=colorht
et 6 6 fill_color=colorha
et 6 6 fill_color=colorbs
et 6 6 fill_color=colorpa
et 6 6 fill_color=colorhy
et 6 6 fill_color=colorga
et 6 6 fill_color=colorsl
et 6 6 fill_color=coloryo
et 6 6 fill_color=colorhaw
et 6 6 fill_color=colorms
et 6 6 fill_color=colorbn
et 6 6 fill_color=coloram
et 6 6 fill_color=colortg
et 6 6 fill_color=colormr
et 6 6 fill_color=colorgu
et 6 6 fill_color=colormi
et 6 6 fill_color=colorkn
et 6 6 fill_color=colorca
et 6 6 fill_color=colorig
et 6 6 fill_color=colorsm
et 6 6 fill_color=colormn
et 6 6 fill_color=colorgd
et 6 6 fill_color=colorny
et 6 6 fill_color=colorhmn
et 6 6 fill_color=colorsk
et 6 6 fill_color=colorkk
et 6 6 fill_color=colormg
hy 0 1 fill_color=colorlt
hy 1 2 fill_color=colorka
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorhi
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorne
hy 2 2 fill_color=coloruk
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorjw
hy 2 2 fill_color=colores
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorgl
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorru
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorsw
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorlv
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorzh-cn
hy 2 2 fill_color=coloraz
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorlo
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorvi
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorid
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorxh
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorsr
hy 2 2 fill_color=coloret
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorso
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorml
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorst
hy 2 2 fill_color=colormk
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorbe
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorzh-tw
hy 2 2 fill_color=coloruz
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorsn
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorzu
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorsd
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorps
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorur
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorkm
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorht
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorha
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorbs
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorpa
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorhy
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorga
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorsl
hy 2 2 fill_color=coloryo
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorhaw
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorms
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorbn
hy 2 2 fill_color=coloram
hy 2 2 fill_color=colortg
hy 2 2 fill_color=colormr
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorgu
hy 2 2 fill_color=colormi
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorkn
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorca
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorig
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorsm
hy 2 2 fill_color=colormn
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorgd
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorny
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorhmn
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorsk
hy 2 2 fill_color=colorkk
hy 2 2 fill_color=colormg
ka 0 1 fill_color=colorlv
ka 1 2 fill_color=coloret
ka 2 3 fill_color=colorlt
ka 3 4 fill_color=colorhy
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorhi
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorne
ka 4 4 fill_color=coloruk
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorjw
ka 4 4 fill_color=colores
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorgl
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorru
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorsw
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorzh-cn
ka 4 4 fill_color=coloraz
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorlo
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorvi
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorid
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorxh
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorsr
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorso
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorml
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorst
ka 4 4 fill_color=colormk
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorbe
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorzh-tw
ka 4 4 fill_color=coloruz
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorsn
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorzu
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorsd
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorps
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorur
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorkm
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorht
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorha
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorbs
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorpa
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorga
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorsl
ka 4 4 fill_color=coloryo
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorhaw
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorms
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorbn
ka 4 4 fill_color=coloram
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorka
ka 4 4 fill_color=colortg
ka 4 4 fill_color=colormr
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorgu
ka 4 4 fill_color=colormi
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorkn
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorca
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorig
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorsm
ka 4 4 fill_color=colormn
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorgd
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorny
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorhmn
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorsk
ka 4 4 fill_color=colorkk
ka 4 4 fill_color=colormg
az 0 1 fill_color=coloruz
az 1 2 fill_color=colorkk
az 2 2 fill_color=colorhi
az 2 2 fill_color=colorne
az 2 2 fill_color=coloruk
az 2 2 fill_color=colorjw
az 2 2 fill_color=colores
az 2 2 fill_color=colorgl
az 2 2 fill_color=colorru
az 2 2 fill_color=colorsw
az 2 2 fill_color=colorlv
az 2 2 fill_color=colorzh-cn
az 2 2 fill_color=coloraz
az 2 2 fill_color=colorlo
az 2 2 fill_color=colorvi
az 2 2 fill_color=colorid
az 2 2 fill_color=colorxh
az 2 2 fill_color=colorsr
az 2 2 fill_color=coloret
az 2 2 fill_color=colorso
az 2 2 fill_color=colorml
az 2 2 fill_color=colorst
az 2 2 fill_color=colormk
az 2 2 fill_color=colorlt
az 2 2 fill_color=colorbe
az 2 2 fill_color=colorzh-tw
az 2 2 fill_color=colorsn
az 2 2 fill_color=colorzu
az 2 2 fill_color=colorsd
az 2 2 fill_color=colorps
az 2 2 fill_color=colorur
az 2 2 fill_color=colorkm
az 2 2 fill_color=colorht
az 2 2 fill_color=colorha
az 2 2 fill_color=colorbs
az 2 2 fill_color=colorpa
az 2 2 fill_color=colorga
az 2 2 fill_color=colorhy
az 2 2 fill_color=colorsl
az 2 2 fill_color=coloryo
az 2 2 fill_color=colorhaw
az 2 2 fill_color=colorms
az 2 2 fill_color=colorbn
az 2 2 fill_color=coloram
az 2 2 fill_color=colorka
az 2 2 fill_color=colortg
az 2 2 fill_color=colormr
az 2 2 fill_color=colorgu
az 2 2 fill_color=colormi
az 2 2 fill_color=colorkn
az 2 2 fill_color=colorca
az 2 2 fill_color=colorig
az 2 2 fill_color=colorsm
az 2 2 fill_color=colormn
az 2 2 fill_color=colorgd
az 2 2 fill_color=colorny
az 2 2 fill_color=colorhmn
az 2 2 fill_color=colorsk
az 2 2 fill_color=colormg
uz 0 1 fill_color=colorlv
uz 1 2 fill_color=coloraz
uz 2 3 fill_color=colorso
uz 3 4 fill_color=colorlt
uz 4 5 fill_color=colortg
uz 5 6 fill_color=colormn
uz 6 7 fill_color=colorkk
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorhi
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorne
uz 7 7 fill_color=coloruk
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorjw
uz 7 7 fill_color=colores
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorgl
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorru
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorsw
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorzh-cn
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorlo
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorvi
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorid
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorxh
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorsr
uz 7 7 fill_color=coloret
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorml
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorst
uz 7 7 fill_color=colormk
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorbe
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorzh-tw
uz 7 7 fill_color=coloruz
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorsn
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorzu
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorsd
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorps
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorur
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorkm
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorht
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorha
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorbs
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorpa
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorga
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorhy
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorsl
uz 7 7 fill_color=coloryo
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorhaw
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorms
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorbn
uz 7 7 fill_color=coloram
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorka
uz 7 7 fill_color=colormr
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorgu
uz 7 7 fill_color=colormi
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorkn
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorca
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorig
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorsm
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorgd
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorny
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorhmn
uz 7 7 fill_color=colorsk
uz 7 7 fill_color=colormg
kk 0 1 fill_color=coloraz
kk 1 2 fill_color=colorlt
kk 2 3 fill_color=coloruz
kk 3 4 fill_color=colortg
kk 4 5 fill_color=colormn
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorhi
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorne
kk 5 5 fill_color=coloruk
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorjw
kk 5 5 fill_color=colores
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorgl
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorru
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorsw
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorlv
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorzh-cn
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorlo
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorvi
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorid
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorxh
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorsr
kk 5 5 fill_color=coloret
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorso
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorml
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorst
kk 5 5 fill_color=colormk
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorbe
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorzh-tw
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorsn
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorzu
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorsd
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorps
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorur
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorkm
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorht
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorha
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorbs
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorpa
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorga
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorhy
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorsl
kk 5 5 fill_color=coloryo
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorhaw
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorms
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorbn
kk 5 5 fill_color=coloram
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorka
kk 5 5 fill_color=colormr
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorgu
kk 5 5 fill_color=colormi
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorkn
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorca
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorig
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorsm
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorgd
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorny
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorhmn
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorsk
kk 5 5 fill_color=colorkk
kk 5 5 fill_color=colormg
tg 0 1 fill_color=colorsw
tg 1 2 fill_color=colorxh
tg 2 3 fill_color=colorso
tg 3 4 fill_color=coloruz
tg 4 5 fill_color=colorps
tg 5 6 fill_color=colormn
tg 6 7 fill_color=colorkk
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorhi
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorne
tg 7 7 fill_color=coloruk
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorjw
tg 7 7 fill_color=colores
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorgl
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorru
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorlv
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorzh-cn
tg 7 7 fill_color=coloraz
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorlo
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorvi
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorid
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorsr
tg 7 7 fill_color=coloret
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorml
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorst
tg 7 7 fill_color=colormk
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorlt
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorbe
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorzh-tw
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorsn
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorzu
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorsd
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorur
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorkm
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorht
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorha
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorbs
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorpa
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorga
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorhy
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorsl
tg 7 7 fill_color=coloryo
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorhaw
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorms
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorbn
tg 7 7 fill_color=coloram
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorka
tg 7 7 fill_color=colortg
tg 7 7 fill_color=colormr
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorgu
tg 7 7 fill_color=colormi
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorkn
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorca
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorig
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorsm
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorgd
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorny
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorhmn
tg 7 7 fill_color=colorsk
tg 7 7 fill_color=colormg
ps 0 1 fill_color=colorne
ps 1 2 fill_color=colorxh
ps 2 3 fill_color=colorsd
ps 3 4 fill_color=colorur
ps 4 5 fill_color=colorkm
ps 5 6 fill_color=colorpa
ps 6 7 fill_color=colortg
ps 7 8 fill_color=colorkn
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorhi
ps 8 8 fill_color=coloruk
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorjw
ps 8 8 fill_color=colores
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorgl
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorru
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorsw
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorlv
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorzh-cn
ps 8 8 fill_color=coloraz
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorlo
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorvi
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorid
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorsr
ps 8 8 fill_color=coloret
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorso
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorml
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorst
ps 8 8 fill_color=colormk
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorlt
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorbe
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorzh-tw
ps 8 8 fill_color=coloruz
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorsn
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorzu
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorps
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorht
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorha
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorbs
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorga
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorhy
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorsl
ps 8 8 fill_color=coloryo
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorhaw
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorms
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorbn
ps 8 8 fill_color=coloram
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorka
ps 8 8 fill_color=colormr
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorgu
ps 8 8 fill_color=colormi
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorca
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorig
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorsm
ps 8 8 fill_color=colormn
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorgd
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorny
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorhmn
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorsk
ps 8 8 fill_color=colorkk
ps 8 8 fill_color=colormg
ml 0 1 fill_color=colorlt
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorhi
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorne
ml 1 1 fill_color=coloruk
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorjw
ml 1 1 fill_color=colores
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorgl
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorru
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorsw
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorlv
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorzh-cn
ml 1 1 fill_color=coloraz
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorlo
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorvi
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorid
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorxh
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorsr
ml 1 1 fill_color=coloret
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorso
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorml
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorst
ml 1 1 fill_color=colormk
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorbe
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorzh-tw
ml 1 1 fill_color=coloruz
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorsn
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorzu
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorsd
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorps
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorur
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorkm
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorht
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorha
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorbs
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorpa
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorga
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorhy
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorsl
ml 1 1 fill_color=coloryo
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorhaw
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorms
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorbn
ml 1 1 fill_color=coloram
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorka
ml 1 1 fill_color=colortg
ml 1 1 fill_color=colormr
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorgu
ml 1 1 fill_color=colormi
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorkn
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorca
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorig
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorsm
ml 1 1 fill_color=colormn
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorgd
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorny
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorhmn
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorsk
ml 1 1 fill_color=colorkk
ml 1 1 fill_color=colormg
kn 0 1 fill_color=colorps
kn 1 2 fill_color=colormr
kn 2 3 fill_color=colorgu
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorhi
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorne
kn 3 3 fill_color=coloruk
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorjw
kn 3 3 fill_color=colores
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorgl
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorru
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorsw
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorlv
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorzh-cn
kn 3 3 fill_color=coloraz
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorlo
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorvi
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorid
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorxh
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorsr
kn 3 3 fill_color=coloret
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorso
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorml
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorst
kn 3 3 fill_color=colormk
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorlt
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorbe
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorzh-tw
kn 3 3 fill_color=coloruz
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorsn
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorzu
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorsd
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorur
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorkm
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorht
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorha
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorbs
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorpa
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorga
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorhy
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorsl
kn 3 3 fill_color=coloryo
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorhaw
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorms
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorbn
kn 3 3 fill_color=coloram
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorka
kn 3 3 fill_color=colortg
kn 3 3 fill_color=colormi
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorkn
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorca
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorig
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorsm
kn 3 3 fill_color=colormn
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorgd
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorny
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorhmn
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorsk
kn 3 3 fill_color=colorkk
kn 3 3 fill_color=colormg
sd 0 1 fill_color=colorne
sd 1 2 fill_color=colorps
sd 2 3 fill_color=colorur
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorhi
sd 3 3 fill_color=coloruk
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorjw
sd 3 3 fill_color=colores
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorgl
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorru
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorsw
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorlv
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorzh-cn
sd 3 3 fill_color=coloraz
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorlo
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorvi
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorid
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorxh
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorsr
sd 3 3 fill_color=coloret
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorso
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorml
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorst
sd 3 3 fill_color=colormk
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorlt
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorbe
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorzh-tw
sd 3 3 fill_color=coloruz
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorsn
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorzu
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorsd
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorkm
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorht
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorha
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorbs
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorpa
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorga
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorhy
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorsl
sd 3 3 fill_color=coloryo
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorhaw
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorms
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorbn
sd 3 3 fill_color=coloram
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorka
sd 3 3 fill_color=colortg
sd 3 3 fill_color=colormr
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorgu
sd 3 3 fill_color=colormi
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorkn
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorca
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorig
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorsm
sd 3 3 fill_color=colormn
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorgd
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorny
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorhmn
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorsk
sd 3 3 fill_color=colorkk
sd 3 3 fill_color=colormg
ne 0 1 fill_color=colorhi
ne 1 2 fill_color=colorlt
ne 2 3 fill_color=colorsd
ne 3 4 fill_color=colorps
ne 4 5 fill_color=colorur
ne 5 6 fill_color=colorpa
ne 6 7 fill_color=colorbn
ne 7 8 fill_color=colormr
ne 8 9 fill_color=colorgu
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorne
ne 9 9 fill_color=coloruk
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorjw
ne 9 9 fill_color=colores
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorgl
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorru
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorsw
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorlv
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorzh-cn
ne 9 9 fill_color=coloraz
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorlo
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorvi
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorid
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorxh
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorsr
ne 9 9 fill_color=coloret
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorso
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorml
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorst
ne 9 9 fill_color=colormk
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorbe
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorzh-tw
ne 9 9 fill_color=coloruz
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorsn
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorzu
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorkm
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorht
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorha
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorbs
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorga
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorhy
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorsl
ne 9 9 fill_color=coloryo
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorhaw
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorms
ne 9 9 fill_color=coloram
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorka
ne 9 9 fill_color=colortg
ne 9 9 fill_color=colormi
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorkn
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorca
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorig
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorsm
ne 9 9 fill_color=colormn
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorgd
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorny
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorhmn
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorsk
ne 9 9 fill_color=colorkk
ne 9 9 fill_color=colormg
pa 0 1 fill_color=colorhi
pa 1 2 fill_color=colorne
pa 2 3 fill_color=colorlo
pa 3 4 fill_color=colorps
pa 4 5 fill_color=colorur
pa 5 6 fill_color=colorkm
pa 6 7 fill_color=colorbn
pa 7 8 fill_color=colormr
pa 8 9 fill_color=colorgu
pa 9 9 fill_color=coloruk
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorjw
pa 9 9 fill_color=colores
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorgl
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorru
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorsw
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorlv
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorzh-cn
pa 9 9 fill_color=coloraz
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorvi
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorid
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorxh
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorsr
pa 9 9 fill_color=coloret
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorso
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorml
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorst
pa 9 9 fill_color=colormk
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorlt
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorbe
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorzh-tw
pa 9 9 fill_color=coloruz
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorsn
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorzu
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorsd
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorht
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorha
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorbs
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorpa
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorga
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorhy
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorsl
pa 9 9 fill_color=coloryo
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorhaw
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorms
pa 9 9 fill_color=coloram
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorka
pa 9 9 fill_color=colortg
pa 9 9 fill_color=colormi
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorkn
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorca
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorig
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorsm
pa 9 9 fill_color=colormn
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorgd
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorny
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorhmn
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorsk
pa 9 9 fill_color=colorkk
pa 9 9 fill_color=colormg
bn 0 1 fill_color=colorne
bn 1 2 fill_color=colorlo
bn 2 3 fill_color=colorkm
bn 3 4 fill_color=colorpa
bn 4 5 fill_color=colormr
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorhi
bn 5 5 fill_color=coloruk
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorjw
bn 5 5 fill_color=colores
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorgl
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorru
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorsw
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorlv
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorzh-cn
bn 5 5 fill_color=coloraz
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorvi
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorid
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorxh
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorsr
bn 5 5 fill_color=coloret
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorso
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorml
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorst
bn 5 5 fill_color=colormk
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorlt
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorbe
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorzh-tw
bn 5 5 fill_color=coloruz
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorsn
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorzu
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorsd
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorps
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorur
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorht
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorha
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorbs
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorga
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorhy
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorsl
bn 5 5 fill_color=coloryo
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorhaw
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorms
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorbn
bn 5 5 fill_color=coloram
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorka
bn 5 5 fill_color=colortg
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorgu
bn 5 5 fill_color=colormi
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorkn
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorca
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorig
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorsm
bn 5 5 fill_color=colormn
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorgd
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorny
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorhmn
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorsk
bn 5 5 fill_color=colorkk
bn 5 5 fill_color=colormg
ur 0 1 fill_color=colorne
ur 1 2 fill_color=colorsd
ur 2 3 fill_color=colorps
ur 3 4 fill_color=colorpa
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorhi
ur 4 4 fill_color=coloruk
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorjw
ur 4 4 fill_color=colores
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorgl
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorru
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorsw
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorlv
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorzh-cn
ur 4 4 fill_color=coloraz
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorlo
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorvi
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorid
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorxh
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorsr
ur 4 4 fill_color=coloret
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorso
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorml
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorst
ur 4 4 fill_color=colormk
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorlt
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorbe
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorzh-tw
ur 4 4 fill_color=coloruz
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorsn
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorzu
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorur
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorkm
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorht
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorha
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorbs
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorga
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorhy
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorsl
ur 4 4 fill_color=coloryo
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorhaw
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorms
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorbn
ur 4 4 fill_color=coloram
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorka
ur 4 4 fill_color=colortg
ur 4 4 fill_color=colormr
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorgu
ur 4 4 fill_color=colormi
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorkn
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorca
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorig
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorsm
ur 4 4 fill_color=colormn
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorgd
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorny
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorhmn
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorsk
ur 4 4 fill_color=colorkk
ur 4 4 fill_color=colormg
hi 0 1 fill_color=colorne
hi 1 2 fill_color=colorpa
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorhi
hi 2 2 fill_color=coloruk
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorjw
hi 2 2 fill_color=colores
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorgl
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorru
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorsw
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorlv
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorzh-cn
hi 2 2 fill_color=coloraz
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorlo
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorvi
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorid
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorxh
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorsr
hi 2 2 fill_color=coloret
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorso
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorml
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorst
hi 2 2 fill_color=colormk
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorlt
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorbe
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorzh-tw
hi 2 2 fill_color=coloruz
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorsn
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorzu
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorsd
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorps
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorur
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorkm
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorht
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorha
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorbs
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorga
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorhy
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorsl
hi 2 2 fill_color=coloryo
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorhaw
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorms
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorbn
hi 2 2 fill_color=coloram
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorka
hi 2 2 fill_color=colortg
hi 2 2 fill_color=colormr
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorgu
hi 2 2 fill_color=colormi
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorkn
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorca
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorig
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorsm
hi 2 2 fill_color=colormn
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorgd
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorny
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorhmn
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorsk
hi 2 2 fill_color=colorkk
hi 2 2 fill_color=colormg
mr 0 1 fill_color=colorne
mr 1 2 fill_color=colorkm
mr 2 3 fill_color=colorpa
mr 3 4 fill_color=colorbn
mr 4 5 fill_color=colorgu
mr 5 6 fill_color=colorkn
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorhi
mr 6 6 fill_color=coloruk
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorjw
mr 6 6 fill_color=colores
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorgl
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorru
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorsw
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorlv
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorzh-cn
mr 6 6 fill_color=coloraz
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorlo
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorvi
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorid
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorxh
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorsr
mr 6 6 fill_color=coloret
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorso
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorml
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorst
mr 6 6 fill_color=colormk
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorlt
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorbe
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorzh-tw
mr 6 6 fill_color=coloruz
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorsn
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorzu
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorsd
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorps
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorur
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorht
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorha
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorbs
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorga
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorhy
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorsl
mr 6 6 fill_color=coloryo
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorhaw
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorms
mr 6 6 fill_color=coloram
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorka
mr 6 6 fill_color=colortg
mr 6 6 fill_color=colormr
mr 6 6 fill_color=colormi
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorca
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorig
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorsm
mr 6 6 fill_color=colormn
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorgd
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorny
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorhmn
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorsk
mr 6 6 fill_color=colorkk
mr 6 6 fill_color=colormg
gu 0 1 fill_color=colorne
gu 1 2 fill_color=colorpa
gu 2 3 fill_color=colormr
gu 3 4 fill_color=colorkn
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorhi
gu 4 4 fill_color=coloruk
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorjw
gu 4 4 fill_color=colores
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorgl
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorru
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorsw
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorlv
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorzh-cn
gu 4 4 fill_color=coloraz
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorlo
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorvi
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorid
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorxh
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorsr
gu 4 4 fill_color=coloret
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorso
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorml
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorst
gu 4 4 fill_color=colormk
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorlt
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorbe
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorzh-tw
gu 4 4 fill_color=coloruz
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorsn
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorzu
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorsd
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorps
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorur
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorkm
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorht
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorha
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorbs
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorga
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorhy
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorsl
gu 4 4 fill_color=coloryo
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorhaw
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorms
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorbn
gu 4 4 fill_color=coloram
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorka
gu 4 4 fill_color=colortg
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorgu
gu 4 4 fill_color=colormi
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorca
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorig
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorsm
gu 4 4 fill_color=colormn
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorgd
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorny
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorhmn
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorsk
gu 4 4 fill_color=colorkk
gu 4 4 fill_color=colormg
ht 0 1 fill_color=colorlo
ht 1 2 fill_color=colorid
ht 2 3 fill_color=colorkm
ht 3 4 fill_color=colormg
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorhi
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorne
ht 4 4 fill_color=coloruk
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorjw
ht 4 4 fill_color=colores
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorgl
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorru
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorsw
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorlv
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorzh-cn
ht 4 4 fill_color=coloraz
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorvi
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorxh
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorsr
ht 4 4 fill_color=coloret
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorso
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorml
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorst
ht 4 4 fill_color=colormk
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorlt
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorbe
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorzh-tw
ht 4 4 fill_color=coloruz
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorsn
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorzu
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorsd
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorps
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorur
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorht
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorha
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorbs
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorpa
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorga
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorhy
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorsl
ht 4 4 fill_color=coloryo
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorhaw
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorms
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorbn
ht 4 4 fill_color=coloram
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorka
ht 4 4 fill_color=colortg
ht 4 4 fill_color=colormr
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorgu
ht 4 4 fill_color=colormi
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorkn
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorca
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorig
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorsm
ht 4 4 fill_color=colormn
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorgd
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorny
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorhmn
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorsk
ht 4 4 fill_color=colorkk
es 0 1 fill_color=colorgl
es 1 2 fill_color=colorca
es 2 2 fill_color=colorhi
es 2 2 fill_color=colorne
es 2 2 fill_color=coloruk
es 2 2 fill_color=colorjw
es 2 2 fill_color=colores
es 2 2 fill_color=colorru
es 2 2 fill_color=colorsw
es 2 2 fill_color=colorlv
es 2 2 fill_color=colorzh-cn
es 2 2 fill_color=coloraz
es 2 2 fill_color=colorlo
es 2 2 fill_color=colorvi
es 2 2 fill_color=colorid
es 2 2 fill_color=colorxh
es 2 2 fill_color=colorsr
es 2 2 fill_color=coloret
es 2 2 fill_color=colorso
es 2 2 fill_color=colorml
es 2 2 fill_color=colorst
es 2 2 fill_color=colormk
es 2 2 fill_color=colorlt
es 2 2 fill_color=colorbe
es 2 2 fill_color=colorzh-tw
es 2 2 fill_color=coloruz
es 2 2 fill_color=colorsn
es 2 2 fill_color=colorzu
es 2 2 fill_color=colorsd
es 2 2 fill_color=colorps
es 2 2 fill_color=colorur
es 2 2 fill_color=colorkm
es 2 2 fill_color=colorht
es 2 2 fill_color=colorha
es 2 2 fill_color=colorbs
es 2 2 fill_color=colorpa
es 2 2 fill_color=colorga
es 2 2 fill_color=colorhy
es 2 2 fill_color=colorsl
es 2 2 fill_color=coloryo
es 2 2 fill_color=colorhaw
es 2 2 fill_color=colorms
es 2 2 fill_color=colorbn
es 2 2 fill_color=coloram
es 2 2 fill_color=colorka
es 2 2 fill_color=colortg
es 2 2 fill_color=colormr
es 2 2 fill_color=colorgu
es 2 2 fill_color=colormi
es 2 2 fill_color=colorkn
es 2 2 fill_color=colorig
es 2 2 fill_color=colorsm
es 2 2 fill_color=colormn
es 2 2 fill_color=colorgd
es 2 2 fill_color=colorny
es 2 2 fill_color=colorhmn
es 2 2 fill_color=colorsk
es 2 2 fill_color=colorkk
es 2 2 fill_color=colormg
gl 0 1 fill_color=colores
gl 1 2 fill_color=colorca
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorhi
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorne
gl 2 2 fill_color=coloruk
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorjw
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorgl
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorru
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorsw
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorlv
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorzh-cn
gl 2 2 fill_color=coloraz
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorlo
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorvi
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorid
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorxh
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorsr
gl 2 2 fill_color=coloret
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorso
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorml
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorst
gl 2 2 fill_color=colormk
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorlt
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorbe
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorzh-tw
gl 2 2 fill_color=coloruz
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorsn
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorzu
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorsd
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorps
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorur
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorkm
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorht
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorha
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorbs
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorpa
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorga
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorhy
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorsl
gl 2 2 fill_color=coloryo
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorhaw
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorms
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorbn
gl 2 2 fill_color=coloram
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorka
gl 2 2 fill_color=colortg
gl 2 2 fill_color=colormr
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorgu
gl 2 2 fill_color=colormi
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorkn
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorig
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorsm
gl 2 2 fill_color=colormn
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorgd
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorny
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorhmn
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorsk
gl 2 2 fill_color=colorkk
gl 2 2 fill_color=colormg
ca 0 1 fill_color=colores
ca 1 2 fill_color=colorgl
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorhi
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorne
ca 2 2 fill_color=coloruk
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorjw
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorru
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorsw
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorlv
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorzh-cn
ca 2 2 fill_color=coloraz
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorlo
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorvi
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorid
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorxh
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorsr
ca 2 2 fill_color=coloret
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorso
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorml
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorst
ca 2 2 fill_color=colormk
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorlt
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorbe
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorzh-tw
ca 2 2 fill_color=coloruz
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorsn
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorzu
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorsd
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorps
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorur
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorkm
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorht
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorha
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorbs
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorpa
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorga
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorhy
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorsl
ca 2 2 fill_color=coloryo
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorhaw
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorms
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorbn
ca 2 2 fill_color=coloram
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorka
ca 2 2 fill_color=colortg
ca 2 2 fill_color=colormr
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorgu
ca 2 2 fill_color=colormi
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorkn
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorca
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorig
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorsm
ca 2 2 fill_color=colormn
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorgd
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorny
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorhmn
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorsk
ca 2 2 fill_color=colorkk
ca 2 2 fill_color=colormg
