vi 0 1 fill_color=colorkm
am 2 3 fill_color=colorkm
km 13 15 fill_color=colorlo
mg 8 9 fill_color=colorlo
ms 6 7 fill_color=colorlo
sm 14 15 fill_color=colorlo
id 5 6 fill_color=colorlo
pa 8 9 fill_color=colorlo
bn 4 5 fill_color=colorlo
so 11 12 fill_color=colormi
ha 4 5 fill_color=colormi
km 12 13 fill_color=colormg
so 10 11 fill_color=colormg
km 11 12 fill_color=colorms
mg 7 8 fill_color=colorms
so 9 10 fill_color=colorms
mi 9 10 fill_color=colorhaw
ms 5 6 fill_color=colorjw
km 10 11 fill_color=colorsm
mi 8 9 fill_color=colorsm
mg 6 7 fill_color=colorsm
haw 1 2 fill_color=colorsm
so 8 9 fill_color=colorsm
km 9 10 fill_color=colorid
mg 5 6 fill_color=colorid
ms 4 5 fill_color=colorid
jw 2 3 fill_color=colorid
km 8 9 fill_color=colormn
lo 9 10 fill_color=colormn
ms 3 4 fill_color=colormn
jw 1 2 fill_color=colormn
sm 12 13 fill_color=colormn
so 7 8 fill_color=colormn
am 1 2 fill_color=colormn
tg 6 7 fill_color=colormn
sm 11 12 fill_color=colorhmn
so 6 7 fill_color=colorhmn
zh-CN 0 5 fill_color=colorzh-tw
so 5 6 fill_color=colorha
mi 7 8 fill_color=colorst
mg 4 5 fill_color=colorst
sm 10 11 fill_color=colorst
am 0 1 fill_color=colorst
ha 3 4 fill_color=colorst
mi 6 7 fill_color=colorig
sm 9 10 fill_color=colorig
ha 2 3 fill_color=colorig
st 10 11 fill_color=colorig
mi 5 6 fill_color=colorny
sm 8 9 fill_color=colorny
ha 1 2 fill_color=colorny
st 9 10 fill_color=colorny
ig 5 6 fill_color=colorny
km 7 8 fill_color=colorsw
mi 4 5 fill_color=colorsw
mg 3 4 fill_color=colorsw
sm 7 8 fill_color=colorsw
mn 10 11 fill_color=colorsw
so 4 5 fill_color=colorsw
st 8 9 fill_color=colorsw
ny 9 10 fill_color=colorsw
tg 5 6 fill_color=colorsw
mi 3 4 fill_color=colorxh
sm 6 7 fill_color=colorxh
gd 2 3 fill_color=colorxh
so 3 4 fill_color=colorxh
st 7 8 fill_color=colorxh
ny 8 9 fill_color=colorxh
sw 11 12 fill_color=colorxh
tg 4 5 fill_color=colorxh
ps 7 8 fill_color=colorxh
mi 2 3 fill_color=coloryo
ig 4 5 fill_color=coloryo
sm 5 6 fill_color=colorzu
so 2 3 fill_color=colorzu
st 6 7 fill_color=colorzu
ny 7 8 fill_color=colorzu
sw 10 11 fill_color=colorzu
xh 10 12 fill_color=colorzu
st 5 6 fill_color=colorsn
ny 5 7 fill_color=colorsn
sw 9 10 fill_color=colorsn
xh 9 10 fill_color=colorsn
zu 7 8 fill_color=colorsn
lt 11 12 fill_color=colorsk
bs 2 3 fill_color=colorsr
sk 1 2 fill_color=colorsr
lt 10 11 fill_color=colorsr
lv 6 7 fill_color=colorsr
bs 1 2 fill_color=colormk
be 1 2 fill_color=coloruk
be 0 1 fill_color=colorru
bs 0 1 fill_color=colorsl
hy 1 2 fill_color=colorlt
lt 8 10 fill_color=colorlv
sr 4 5 fill_color=coloret
lt 6 8 fill_color=coloret
lv 4 6 fill_color=coloret
ka 3 4 fill_color=coloret
lt 5 6 fill_color=colorka
lv 3 4 fill_color=colorka
hy 0 1 fill_color=colorka
mn 9 10 fill_color=coloruz
so 1 2 fill_color=coloruz
lt 4 5 fill_color=coloruz
lv 2 3 fill_color=coloruz
az 1 2 fill_color=coloruz
tg 3 4 fill_color=coloruz
mn 8 9 fill_color=colorkk
lt 3 4 fill_color=colorkk
az 0 1 fill_color=colorkk
uz 6 7 fill_color=colorkk
tg 2 3 fill_color=colorkk
so 0 1 fill_color=colortg
km 6 7 fill_color=colorps
tg 1 2 fill_color=colorps
kn 2 3 fill_color=colorps
sd 2 3 fill_color=colorps
ne 8 9 fill_color=colorps
pa 7 8 fill_color=colorps
ur 3 4 fill_color=colorps
sm 13 14 fill_color=colorgd
ga 0 1 fill_color=colorgd
lt 2 3 fill_color=colorml
lt 1 2 fill_color=colorne
sd 1 2 fill_color=colorne
km 5 6 fill_color=colorpa
ne 7 8 fill_color=colorpa
km 4 5 fill_color=colorbn
ne 6 7 fill_color=colorbn
pa 6 7 fill_color=colorbn
sd 0 1 fill_color=colorur
ne 5 6 fill_color=colorur
pa 5 6 fill_color=colorur
ne 4 5 fill_color=colorhi
pa 4 5 fill_color=colorhi
km 3 4 fill_color=colormr
kn 1 2 fill_color=colormr
ne 3 4 fill_color=colormr
pa 3 4 fill_color=colormr
bn 3 4 fill_color=colormr
kn 0 1 fill_color=colorgu
ne 2 3 fill_color=colorgu
pa 2 3 fill_color=colorgu
mr 5 6 fill_color=colorgu
km 2 3 fill_color=colorht
lo 8 9 fill_color=colorht
mg 2 3 fill_color=colorht
id 4 5 fill_color=colorht
es 1 2 fill_color=colorgl
es 0 1 fill_color=colorca
gl 1 2 fill_color=colorca
