chr - vi vi 0 1 colorvi
chr - km km 0 15 colorkm
chr - lo lo 0 10 colorlo
chr - mi mi 0 10 colormi
chr - mg mg 0 9 colormg
chr - ms ms 0 7 colorms
chr - haw haw 0 2 colorhaw
chr - jw jw 0 3 colorjw
chr - sm sm 0 15 colorsm
chr - id id 0 6 colorid
chr - ga ga 0 1 colorga
chr - gd gd 0 3 colorgd
chr - mn mn 0 11 colormn
chr - hmn hmn 0 2 colorhmn
chr - zh-CN zh-CN 0 5 colorzh-cn
chr - zh-TW zh-TW 0 5 colorzh-tw
chr - so so 0 12 colorso
chr - am am 0 3 coloram
chr - ha ha 0 5 colorha
chr - st st 0 11 colorst
chr - ig ig 0 6 colorig
chr - ny ny 0 10 colorny
chr - sw sw 0 12 colorsw
chr - xh xh 0 12 colorxh
chr - yo yo 0 2 coloryo
chr - zu zu 0 8 colorzu
chr - sn sn 0 6 colorsn
chr - bs bs 0 3 colorbs
chr - be be 0 2 colorbe
chr - sk sk 0 2 colorsk
chr - sr sr 0 5 colorsr
chr - mk mk 0 1 colormk
chr - uk uk 0 1 coloruk
chr - ru ru 0 1 colorru
chr - sl sl 0 1 colorsl
chr - lt lt 0 12 colorlt
chr - lv lv 0 7 colorlv
chr - et et 0 6 coloret
chr - hy hy 0 2 colorhy
chr - ka ka 0 4 colorka
chr - az az 0 2 coloraz
chr - uz uz 0 7 coloruz
chr - kk kk 0 5 colorkk
chr - tg tg 0 7 colortg
chr - ps ps 0 8 colorps
chr - ml ml 0 1 colorml
chr - kn kn 0 3 colorkn
chr - sd sd 0 3 colorsd
chr - ne ne 0 9 colorne
chr - pa pa 0 9 colorpa
chr - bn bn 0 5 colorbn
chr - ur ur 0 4 colorur
chr - hi hi 0 2 colorhi
chr - mr mr 0 6 colormr
chr - gu gu 0 4 colorgu
chr - ht ht 0 4 colorht
chr - es es 0 2 colores
chr - gl gl 0 2 colorgl
chr - ca ca 0 2 colorca
